
Thoma: I'm sure he's getting by. He wrote me not long ago, actually, asking me to deal with a situation for one of the merchants.
Thoma: Kurisu works tirelessly to maintain some sort of order within the business world, despite the entire industry being less than ideal.
Thoma: Must be tough for the guy. I hope everything gets back to normal as soon as possible...



Keiichi: Excuse me — Thoma?
 Keiichi: It is you! What a coincidence. I was just about to send someone to deliver a gift to you.
 Thoma: I don't believe we've met? And if there's a gift involved here, I'm not sure I've earned it! Is there something I can do for you?
 Keiichi: No, no, you don't know me, but I've heard of you before.
 Keiichi: I ran into some trouble a while back, asked Kurisu for some help, and he said you were the one that resolved the situation.
 Keiichi: Kurisu is always telling us that repaying favors is all the more important for us as merchants.
 Keiichi: If you're on the receiving end of someone's kindness, you can't let it go unacknowledged. So, I tried to pick out something that I thought you might like...
 Thoma: Something... you thought I might like?
 Keiichi: That's right! So here it is — some confectionery from Yumeno Tennenan, a fine purveyor of Inazuman delicacies. Each one costs a small fortune.
 Keiichi: I thought this would be the only fitting way to repay someone of your stature!
 Keiichi: Not to mention that the value of your assistance far outweighs the value of my gift.
 Keiichi: Do you like it?
 Thoma: ...
 Thoma: Haha, I don't know how you did it, but you managed to cater to my tastes perfectly.
 Thoma: I humbly accept your gift. Keep up the good work in your line of business, and if you have any further problems, feel free to come find me.
 Keiichi: I will! Thanks again, Thoma!
 Keiichi: I'll leave you in peace now. Have a good day!
 Thoma: You too, goodbye.
 Thoma: Pretty high-energy guy, huh.
 Thoma: You wanna try, (Traveler)? This store is indeed renowned in Inazuma. In fact, demand is so high that it's very difficult to come by their products.
 Thoma: They're all handmade by top chefs, and the flavor is as authentic as it gets.