---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Story Description
- Help Thoma advertise his housekeeping course to attract more people to come.

(You give the housekeeping course materials you collected to Thoma)

Thoma: Great, that's all the ingredients we need. Time to hit the streets and launch our grand advertising campaign.
Thoma: As it happens, I know someone in town who runs a textiles business. I'm sure she must know lots of people interested in housekeeping.
Thoma: So let's pay her a visit.

(You talk to Ogura Mio)

Ogura Mio: Welcome to Ogura Textiles & Kimo... Oh! Hi, Thoma! What brings you here?
Ogura Mio: Looking to buy some fabric? We have a new batch in — it's a great choice if you're looking to make loungewear...

Thoma: It sounds interesting, I'll take a look! But, the main reason I'm here today, though, is to pick your brain about something.

Ogura Mio: Oh? And what might that be?

Thoma: Well, we're thinking of starting a housekeeping class.
Thoma: Problem is, I'm not sure where to go looking for students. So I was wondering if you might help me spread the word.
Thoma: Among other things, I'll be teaching some handy sewing techniques. So, providing everything goes smoothly, I'll be needing to buy quite a lot of fabric from your store.
Thoma: Do you think you'd be able to lend a hand?

Ogura Mio: Of course, it'd be my pleasure! And thank you for supporting my business, Thoma.
Ogura Mio: As it happens, several of my regular customers do have an interest in housekeeping.
Ogura Mio: After I've closed up for the day, I'll go and talk to them for you. I'm almost certain that they'll want to sign up.
Ogura Mio: The only thing is, I'm not sure there's enough of them for a whole class... Ah, I know — Yuuko is supposed to be very well connected in the community. Why don't you go and ask her?

Thoma: Yuuko? Hmm... I'm sure I've heard that name somewhere before.
Thoma: So she has an interest in housekeeping?

Ogura Mio: If I remember correctly, she mentioned in conversation once that she's tried knitting a sweater a few times, but just can't get the hang of it.
Ogura Mio: With your housekeeping expertise, I'm sure you'd be able to get her interested.

Thoma: Great. Thanks for all your help, Miss Ogura.
Thoma: Alright, let's go try our luck with Yuuko.

(You then go talk to Yuuko)

Yuuko: Honestly, my husband doesn't lift a finger around the house...
Yuuko: The moment he's home on his day off, it's shoes off and straight to bed so he can just lie there doing nothing.
Yuuri: *sigh* I have one of those at home, as well...
Yuuri: I know his work is tiring, but recently I've been really struggling with all the housework. It's starting to give me a backache.
Yuuko: They act like it's our job just because we do it. But nobody trained us either...
Thoma: Hello, ladies. Might I ask which one of you is Yuuko?
Yuuko: That would be me. Sorry, I don't believe I've had the pleasure.
Thoma: I'm Thoma, the housekeeper for the Yashiro Commission.
Thoma: We're looking to start a housekeeping class at the Commission headquarters. I was just wondering whether that might be something that interests you.
Yuuko: Housekeeping? As a class?
Thoma: That's right, yes. We'll be teaching a whole bunch of handy housework tips and tricks. Sweeping, mopping, laundry, cookery, you know, that sort of thing. All based on my years of experience as a housekeeper.
Thoma: The class is free, of course. The only cost to you is the materials used during the class.

(Yuuko and Yuuri whisper at each other)

Yuuko: What do you think?
Yuuri: I think this is suspiciously coincidental...

Thoma: Well, I'll be straight with you, ladies... I believe the classes are free for a limited time only, right?

You: That's right.

Thoma: So far, attendance has been a little on the slow side, so we decided to start offering free trial classes. In other words, we won't charge you for the first few classes you attend.
Thoma: After the trial period comes to an end and if you're still satisfied with the results, you can book more classes for yourself and complete the rest of the course. I'll be sure to give you a favorable price.

Yuuko: I see... It certainly sounds reasonable.
Yuuko: But I have a question... Is this class restricted to women only?

Thoma: Not at all! It's open to people of all genders and ages. The way I see it, housework comprises an essential set of skills that no one can afford to be without.
Thoma: You've got to know how to look after yourself. Life should come before work, don't you think?

Yuuko: Well said. In that case, I'll bring my husband along. Sounds like he could learn a thing or two from you.
Yuuri: Me too!
Yuuri: Oh, and while you're at it, have you thought about asking Nagano?
Yuuri: I'm sure older folks like him would have time to attend. The more the merrier, right?
Yuuko: Thank you, Thoma. Please excuse us.

(Yuuri and Yuuko leave)

Thoma: Alright, I'll see if I can convince the older folks to come along and make up the numbers.

(You then go talk to Nagano)

Nagano: Housekeeping class, eh...
Nagano: I was handy around the home back in the day. Sadly, the older I get, the fewer things I'm able to do myself.
Nagano: You're very young. Are you quite sure you're up to the task of teaching housekeeping? It's not as easy as you might think.

You: Thoma is a housekeeping expert.

Thoma: I will do my very best.
Thoma: As housekeeper for the Kamisato Clan, I've been honing my craft for a long time now. I believe I'm up to the task.
 
Nagano: Very good, young man! Well then, I shall have to come and see for myself.
Nagano: If you are as good as you claim to be, I will encourage everyone I know to attend your classes. And if I find your skills to be lacking, I will be quite happy to teach a few things myself.
Thoma: What can I say — we'll be honored to have you in attendance, Sir.
Thoma: Well then... that will probably just about do it as far as promotion is concerned. Let's head back to the Yashiro Commission, (Traveler).

(Talk to Nagano again)
 
Nagano: If you are as good as you claim to be, I will encourage everyone I know to attend your classes. And if I find your skills to be lacking, I will be quite happy to teach a few things myself.